# NetLogo-GPL
A template for a NetLogo model to be released under the GNU General Public Licence. Includes a handful of other elements part of good practice:

  + A `ChangeLog` section of the Info tab in which you record modifications you've made in the code tab. There is a Wikipedia page on [ChangeLog](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Changelog) if you want to know more, and various other resources on the web.
  + A `.gitignore` that has entries for `Data*` and `data*` so that if you copy the contents of this folder into your own repository for collaborating on code, you don't accidentally end up copying potentially sensitive or licensed data to a public repository.
  + Switch and input for seed control.
  + Unit testing utilities. The `unit-test` procedure can be used to run unit tests (if edited to call procedures implementing them). Procedures implementing unit tests should call `assert-list-equals`, `assert-equals`, `assert-true` and `assert-false` when checking functionality is as expected.
  + Output area for progress, notes and warning messages. Use `output-error` instead of the built-in `error` command, as this sets the `error?` flag as well as displaying the message. `output-warning` is provided to give a warning message (a non-fatal error that may suggest a problem, but the program can continue to run), `output-note` is provided to give the user noteworthy information about the run, and `print-progress` is provided to write a message advising the user of important stages reached during the run -- which can be helpful for long-running procedures to reassure them that the model is making an advance, and is not hung.
  + A `error?` flag to record whether an error has happened. This is set automatically when `output-error` is called with a string argument containing the error message. In addition `carefully [] []` is wrapped around the model-specific code so that the `error?` flag is set if there is an unexpected runtime error. This is important when running the model in headless mode.
